Add additional documentation about the configuration of copy and paste (#2265)
alan-turing-institute/data-safe-haven: docs/source/roles/researcher/using_the_sre.md

For instance, describing in detail what a dataset contains and how it will be use will help speed up decision making.
:::

## {{scissors}} Copy and paste

It is always possible to use copy and paste as normal within an SRE workspace.

However, the ability to copy and paste text to or from an SRE workspace depends on the specific configuration of the SRE.

The {ref}`system manager <role_system_manager>` can configure the SRE workspaces to allow copying text from a workspace, pasting text into a workspace, both, or neither.

> Copy and paste of anything other than text to or from a workspace is always disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is always possible to use copy and paste as normal within an SRE workspace.
However, the ability to copy and paste text to or from an SRE workspace depends on the specific configuration of the SRE.
The {ref}`system manager <role_system_manager>` can configure the SRE workspaces to allow copying text from a workspace, pasting text into a workspace, both, or neither.
Copy and paste of anything other than text to or from a workspace is not possible.
```
